Updates SAML demo setup documentation (#6532)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/authentication-backends/saml.md

We provide a fully functional example that can help you understand how to use SAML with OpenSearch Dashboards.

> 1. Check-out the [saml-demo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/tree/saml-demo) branch on the demos repository to a preferred location in your directory. If you are new to GitHub, see [guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check-out the [saml-demo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/tree/saml-demo) branch on the demos repository to a preferred location in your directory. If you are new to GitHub, see the [OpenSearch onboarding guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md).
```

1. Navigate to the `demo` folder:
   ```zsh
   $ cd <path-to-demos-folder>/demo
   ```

1. Review the following files, as needed:

   * `.env`: 
     * Defines the OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards version to use. The default is the latest version ({{site.opensearch_major_minor_version}}).
     * Defines the `OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD` variable required by versions 2.12 and later.
   * `./custom-config/opensearch_dashboards.yml`: Includes the SAML settings for the default `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file.
   * `./custom-config/config.yml`: Configures SAML for authentication.
   * `docker-compose.yml`: Defines an OpenSearch server node, an OpenSearch Dashboards server node, and a SAML server node.
   * `./saml/config/authsources.php`: Contains the list of users that can be authenticated by this SAML domain.

> 1. At the command line, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the command line, run:
```

   ```zsh
   $ docker-compose up.
   ```

1. Access OpenSearch Dashboards at [http://localhost:5601](http://localhost:5601){:target='\_blank'}.

1. Select `Log in with single sign-on`. This redirects you to the SAML login page.

> 1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php`. (such as, `user1` and `user1pass`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php` (such as, `user1` and `user1pass`).
```

> 1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php` (such as, `user1` and `user1pass`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php` (such as `user1` and `user1pass`).
```

> 1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php` (such as, `user1` and `user1pass`).

Reviewer 2: In the parenthetical, should "and" be "or"?

Author: no, its a pair of username and password. I've updated the text accordingly.

We provide a fully functional example that can help you understand how to use SAML with OpenSearch Dashboards.

> Note: These steps require basic knowledge about interacting with GitHub. If you are new to GitHub then check-out this [guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md) to get started.

Reviewer: It's only the first step that requires knowledge of GitHub, right? Can we remove this note and add something to Step 1, like "1. Download the [saml-demo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/tree/saml-demo) branch on the [demos](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos) repository to a preferred location in your directory. If you are new to GitHub, see [guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md)." Do we need the second ink to [demos]?

Author: second link is not needed. I've addressed all outstanding feedback.

> 1. Check-out the [saml-demo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos/tree/saml-demo) branch on the [demos](https://github.com/opensearch-project/demos) repository to a preferred location in your directory.

Reviewer: See note above.

> 1. Navigate to the `demo` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the `demo` folder:
```

   ```zsh
   $ cd <path-to-demos-folder>/demo
   ```

> 1. Review these files as needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the following files, as needed:
```

   * `.env`: 

>      * Defines the OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards version to be used. It defaults to the latest version (i.e {{site.opensearch_major_minor_version}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Defines the OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards version to be use. The default is the latest version ({{site.opensearch_major_minor_version}}).
```

>      * Defines `OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD` variable required by versions 2.12 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Defines the `OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD` variable required by versions 2.12 and later.
```

>    * `./custom-config/opensearch_dashboards.yml`: Includes SAML settings for the default `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `./custom-config/opensearch_dashboards.yml`: Includes the SAML settings for the default `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file.
```

   * `./custom-config/config.yml`: Configures SAML for authentication.
   * `docker-compose.yml`: Defines an OpenSearch server node, an OpenSearch Dashboards server node, and a SAML server node.
   * `./saml/config/authsources.php`: Contains the list of users that can be authenticated by this SAML domain.

1. At the command line, run:
   ```zsh
   $ docker-compose up.
   ```

1. Access OpenSearch Dashboards at [http://localhost:5601](http://localhost:5601){:target='\_blank'}.

> 1. Click on `Log in with single sign-on`. This will redirect you to the SAML login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select `Log in with single sign-on`. This redirects you to the SAML login page.
```

> 1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php`. (i.e. `user1` and `user1pass`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to OpenSearch Dashboards with a user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php`. (such as, `user1` and `user1pass`).
```

> 1. After logging in, note that your user in the upper-right is same as `NameID` attribute for the user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php` of the SAML server. (i.e. `saml-test` for `user1`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After logging in, note that the user ID shown in the upper-right corner of the screen is the same as the `NameID` attribute for the user defined in `./saml/config/authsources.php` of the SAML server (that is, `saml-test` for `user1`).
```
